attention all passengers the temperature
outside is minus 119 degrees Celsius we
are six years nine months and 26 days
from departure for your personal safety
be prepared to brace
snowpiercer is all that's left of the
world
mr. Wilford runs our train based on
three principles can I borrow you for a
second work honor
and older fans each of us in our place
never forget who you are tailee
figured out a way to survive in the
shadows how about we leave this hell
behind
there's an idea travelling up trade all
it needs is a spark you see when you
look at this train let's see a fortress
to class
I see the balance of needs B and greed I
see three thousand souls surviving on
the planet determined to freeze all like
hemp ice
we're so emotionally crushed every last
spark of this mutiny now
fighting to do what I know is right
[Music]
once you pass through that door there's
no turning back
[Music]
you